Gauge: Update docs for scrolling support 10.2 (#72780)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/visualizations/gauge/index.md

Adjust how the gauge is displayed.

### Orientation

Choose a stacking direction.

- **Auto -** Gauges display in rows and columns.
- **Horizontal -** Gauges display top to bottom.
- **Vertical -** Gauges display left to right.

> - **Show threshold labels -** Controls if threshold values are shown.
> - **Show threshold markers -** Controls if a threshold band is shown outside the inner gauge value band.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Show threshold labels

Controls if threshold values are shown.

### Show threshold markers

Controls if a threshold band is shown outside the inner gauge value band.
```

### Min width

Limit the minimum width of the bar column in the vertical direction.

> Automatically show x-axis scrollbar when there is a large amount of data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set a minimum width, the x-axis scrollbar is automatically displayed when there's a large amount of data.
```
